add docs about convention for volume direction (#411)
assume-framework/assume: docs/source/market_config.rst

      Delivery14 EOM         :2019-01-01 18:00, 1h

Please note, Trade Convention
----------------

In our market trading system, we follow this convention for representing the volume and price of trades in any market:

- **Volume Representation**:
    - The sign of the volume indicates the direction of the trade:
    - **Positive Volume**: Indicates that the volume is being sold to the market.
    - **Negative Volume**: Indicates that the volume is being bought from the market.

- **Price Representation**:

>   - The price of a trade canbe negative and positive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The price of a trade can be negative and positive.
```

      Delivery CRM           :crm02, 2019-01-01 01:00, 4h
      Bidding CRM            :crm03, 2019-01-01 04:00, 30m
      Delivery CRM           :crm04, 2019-01-01 05:00, 4h

> $PLACEHOLDER$ This is the code snippet that describes the market configuration options and provides an example configuration for an EOM and CRM market.

Reviewer: What is meant with that placeholder?

Author: Very Good question... I did not add it on purpose...
